1. I have come across many people but someone like you is rare, you are special to me and your birthday too is special. I will keep wishing you a happy birthday in advance till your big day.

2. I have missed many glamorous events because I am mostly forgetful of dates, but when it comes to you my special one, there is an exception. I can’t forget anything that is associated with you. Happy Birthday in advance.

3. The celebration starts now. It will take a lifetime to truly appreciate you. You have made life special for me, and I am grateful. Happy Birthday in advance.

4. I now value early wishes, because Some people are worth celebrating for a lifetime, you are my such people. The count decreases. Happy birthday in advance.

5. I am blessed you walk into my life. Life is a whole lot meaningful and beautiful with you, so I will keep singing till your birthday celebration. I will start from today. Five days to go, happy birthday in advance.

6. How I wish I can hit pause on all my commitments and schedules for the remaining days to your birthday and show you how valuable and important you are to me, Happy Birthday in advance.

7. You are my best friend and confidant on all days, and for that, I want to be the first person on this planet to wish you a new year in advance. Still waiting for your big day.

8. Your birthday comes once in a year but my heart beats for you every day so I celebrate you more than once. Happy Birthday in advance.

9. What more can be much fun as counting how many days left for your birthday? I am full of great vibes and joy in my heart.

10. Every sign today is pointing to the fact that a rare gem is going to celebrate a special day. All these signs show that nature is just responding to a good heart of love and respect you carry. I join every voice to sing a melodious happy birthday to you in advance.

11. This is the longest waiting I have done in my life, and every moment comes with its excitement like the cloud nine experience. In the next 48 hours, the wait will be over. Then, your special birthday will blossom into a beautiful day just like you.

12. It’s barely 24 hours left to your birthday, let me start wishing you all I want for you in your new year as the new year will be unfolded soon. I can’t wait till you blow the candles on the cake.
